{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16880\viewh12100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Cory: Parent\
Son:  Zac, age 11  5th grade\
\
Favorite activities are Lego and Nerf Guns (see digital, below, about Nerfs)\
\
Parent participation includes: hiking, hanging out, vacations are big\
\
He has to read 20 minutes a night. . .doesn\'92t enjoy it. Not on weekends [family is very active]\
\
\'93Zac doesn\'92t enjoy reading. Maybe if he could just find the right books! \'93\
\
\'93He doesn\'92t like books with long stories. . .fiction. Can do okay with topics like ships, airplanes, military, history\'94\
\
\'93But after he does finally read something [of above topics] he\'92s like \'91Did you know this. . .did you know that\'92 with us\'94\
\
\'93We [with husband] help find books for him.  Zac won\'92t or doesn\'92t like to go to the library. I usually just do it alone \'97 easier\'94\
\
\'93 I feel a little disappointed\'94 [Corby is a teacher] \'93but I also know that things change. . .we\'92ll see]\
\
His friends have not been much of an influence. Unless it\'92s his topics. The \'93I Survived\'94 series was one. . ..Pearl Harbor, earthquakes.\
\
Corby reads a variety of book genres. But her husband Bob only reads non-fiction. His interests match his son\'92s. Bob didn\'92t read [or engage with reading. . .he didn\'92t lack the skills] until late in elementary school. Parents and teachers worried about him.\
\
Devices: iPod touch and computer\
\
Games on iPod\
\
Zac loves to \'93research\'94 on the computer:\
There are sites which show you how to \'93mod\'94 the many varieties of Ner Guns (recombine their parts) Zac loves this and acts on their ideas\
He is also interested in buying a QuadCopter (small remote-controlled helicopter). It\'92s a complex field and, again, Zac spends hours researching this topic online.\
\
No role modes.\
\
\
\
\
}