{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12980\viewh15300\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Ella Ferencz  6th grade 11yrs\

\b0 Limited digital but has a bit of web time (didn\'92t ask which sites)\
Mostly likes fiction. . .any type, non specific. Great reader but selection is difficult.\
Activities: Violin (intensively) gymnastics. \'93Thinking up stories!\
\
I explained to Ella that we were making some additions to the Scholastic site (she\'92s familiar with Scholastic through Book Fairs but not the site). I wanted to see if she could take a quiz, choose a book, and request it from her parents.\

\b \

\b0 Profile page: \'93I like the bookshelf\'94  Then she clicked on the Books tab, almost instinctively, then on Profile tab \'93Oh, this must be home.\'94 I asked her to look around and then she saw the Quiz box and happily said \'93Oh!\'94 She clicked on it.\
\
No problem with the quiz, especially when she noticed the typography changed, signifying a change in quiz. Good on Quiz and then Submit.\
\
At the Pop up window she was a bit confused by the  underlying elements (easy fix by making background darker.) The Close button stumped her. \'93Am I done?\'94 Also she noticed the X and said \'93Hmmm\'94 I had to explain that there was more to come. She suggested Go or Next or See the Books for the button.\
\
The thumbs page had Ella staring for a bit. She decided to talk about the Sneak Peek which she felt had to be larger if she were to be able to read anything. She liked t he Word Cloud.\
\
When she came back to the Thumbs I asked her about what she thought the icons did, and she had understood that. Finally, she said, \'93Oh! The book switches  each time! That\'92s cool.\'94 She seemed to understand the ASK panel but it took her a while to find. She tried to click on the book cover at one point, but realized that only the thumbs were for clicking. She understood that the thumb\'92s up books went to her Next to Read bookshelf. (Note: I was a bit surprised that the bookshelf connection was made since it was only viewed on the Profile page, but if kids can get \'93imprinted\'94 with the bookshelf from the opening page, that\'92s great.) She clicked on the ASK panel.\
\
She really liked the selection page and started cllcking on the check boxes. She said some music sites give you immediate feedback saying that you\'92ve just chosen something. I asked her what she would do if she wanted to take another quiz and she found the right box. She clicked ASK.\
\
She liked the confirmation pop-up and understood that the site somehow has access to her parent\'92s email.\
\
When I asked her if she would like to see her entire bookshelf again (leading) she said yes and tried to click on the HOME tab. She almost remembered PROFILE. \'93Sometimes I just use the back buttons.\'94\
\
Ella like the site and the idea of the Quizzes. I did not explain the connection between the quizzes and generating reading choices. But she liked the idea of reading choices . \'93Even if I don\'92t like the choices, I get the quiz.\'94\
\
\
}