{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12160\viewh15400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Cleighton Roberts   8th grade 13yrs\

\b0 Uses laptop for school. Not a lot of extra digital time.\
Mostly likes reading non-fiction. . .history, etc.\
Will read fiction if he can find the right book.\
Activities: Basketball (parent mandated) and Boy Scouts\
\
I explained to Cleighton that we were making some additions to the Scholastic site (he\'92s familiar with Scholastic through Book Fairs but not the site). I wanted to see if he could take a quiz, choose a book, and request it from their parents.\

\b \

\b0 Profile page: Initially, Cleighton did not know what to do but it appeared that this was due to the new wireframe environment.\
\
First, he tried to click on the tabs, first going for the Books tab. \'93That\'92s what I usually do. Or search\'94\
\
Shortly, he found the Quiz box.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Cleighton Robers  8th grade 13yrs\

\b0 Likes digital (web, etc.) but not a heavy user. Uses laptop at home and at school.\
Likes non-fiction: History, \'93Philosophy\'94. . .Will read fiction if it\'92s \'93serious enough\'94 Great reader but fiction selection is difficult.\
Activities: Basketball, Baseball (parent-mandated), learning HTML/CSS, Boy Scouts\
\
I explained to Cleighton that we were making some additions to the Scholastic site (he\'92s familiar with Scholastic through Book Fairs but not the site). I wanted to see if he could take a quiz, choose a book, and request it from his parents.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Start: Profile page.\
Says, offhand, that he likes the Bookshelf (which is open on the Profile page)\
He\'92s unaware of what to do so I say, \'93let\'92s find the quiz,\'94 Cleighton searches through the tabs, starting on books. \'93I always go to right to the tabs, or search.\'94 Finally, he realizes the Quiz box is right there and clicks on that\
\
At Choose a Quiz page he chooses a quiz asking me for confirmation that the arrows go to other quizzes. (Having experienced the menus not working, I can tell he looks to me now for whether something is clickable.)\
\
Arriving at the Quiz page he understands that he\'92s intended to complete the quiz. Clicks Submit.\
\
He sees the pop-up window and softly says to himself \'93Close\'94? I ask him about this response and he says he understands that this is to close the pop-up window, but I sense that this took him a moment to understand.\
\
He gets the thumbs up/thumbs down idea but doesn\'92t act on it until I prompt him (I waited a while). I notice him looking around (not closing in on anything). He finally clicked a hand and I asked him he thought was happening. He was able to explain the idea to me, particularly when he noticed the book changing when he clicked. He also asked if there was a way to break the choices in categories.\
\
He liked the Sneak Peek but wondered if it should go above the Book/Thumb unit. \'93It goes off the page and I would want to read a bit before I gave a book the up/down.\'94\
\
He also liked the word cloud. . .he had made one in school with his teacher (Valentine\'92s day).\
\
I asked him to look at the whole page again to see if he had viewed everything (leading!) since he had not noted the ASK box. He finally saw that he had missed the ASK box. I asked him to state its purpose and he understood it. He clicked on it.\
\
At the Next on List page, he got the idea. After a touch of prompting he clicked a box on one of the books and hit ASK. He seemed satisfied with the pop up confirmation and didn\'92t question CLOSE this time. He asked about how the site knew his parent\'92s email, but quickly intuited that this had been supplied at registration.\
\
Task Done!!   Now that we were finished with our required tasks, I decided to ask him if he knew what to do if he wanted to take another quiz. After some scanning he found the Take this Quiz button near the top of the page.\
\
I also asked him if he wanted to see his entire Bookshelf again (leading!). He said that normally he would use the back button, but quickly realized this wasn\'92t best. He asked if the HOME tab would work. \'93That\'92s always a good one.\'94 I asked him what he thought PROFILE meant and he wasn\'92t sure. I asked him to click it and then asked him if that\'92s where he wanted to go and he agreed.\
\
One question he had was whether the site\'92s book choices considered books that he had read before. Good questions!\
\
He said he liked the idea of the site. He seem very pleased when he learned that the quiz gathers information that will produce the book suggestions. He hadn\'92t understood this (should he? at some level?) He wanted to know if the choices included books above his age level since he likes reading at a higher level. \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\b \
\

\b0 \
}