{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15460\viewh9960\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Erika Ferguson Stay-at-home mom  Parent: Billy age 10  4th grade\
\
Billy likes video games, baseball, and board games\
\
We participate with him with board and card games, baseball and cub scouts\
\
\'93Billy does not enjoy reading!\'94\
But Billy piped in that he had been influenced by his brother Alex (2 grades older) to start reading the \'93Alex Rider\'94 series and he enjoys it!\
\
Even so I asked Billy what else he like to read and he said, \'93I want an iPhone!\'94\
\
Erika goes to the school\'92s library to get most books. \'93I occasionally buy some on Xmas or Bdays and they end up in the closet.\'94\
\
\'93Billy and his brother love the time at school when they go to the library.\'94\
\
Kids like the Scholastic book sales, but mostly because they can find trinkets to buy: erasers, novelty pencils, etc.\
\
\'93We\'92ve tried online lists but it doesn\'92t help\'94\
\
\'93I try to influence them by reading in front of them, but it has no effect.\'94\
\
Billy (and his brother) have iPod touches, iPads, and Kindles at their disposal.)\
\
\'93I\'92ll try to reign it in but I\'92ll admit, after school I use it as a babysitter\'94\
\
\'93We\'92re actually a very active family so, in a way, there isn\'92t so much free time for the screen. Especially on weekend, the kids don\'92t touch it.\'94\
\
Habits:  Games on PS4 TV shows and Netflix on devices. Headphones. They like to \'93hide\'94 and have private time watching.\
\
\'93They also like magazines: Sports Illustrated, Boy Scouts magazine, Boy\'92s Life, Nat\'92l Geographic\'92s GEO.\'94 The dad, Spencer, reads it with them, looking at the picture and they read all the captions together.\
\
Role models: [this took some pondering] Grandparents, Oakland A\'92s players. Steve Jobs. Alex, the older one, read a book about Jobs. I asked him what impressed him about Jobs. Answer: \'93He made the iPhone. . .I want an iPhone\'94  Erika: \'93I\'92m not even sure why he wants an iPhone. . .he doesn\'92t have anyone to call. . .Maybe  it\'92s because middle school is coming up and they already see the writing on the wall!\
}