{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Jen (also a teacher, but interviewed as a parent)
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
Ben
\fs26 , age 11  5th grade\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa256
\cf2 \
Activities: Riding his bike/playing outside, Drumming, Minecraft/Portal games, Traveling, Model UN, Legos (building things in general), board games/made up games\
Riding bikes/playing outside, legos, art/science/house projects, reading, board games/made up games, we love travel when we can\
\'93Ben enjoys reading when he has the right book and once he is doing it, but he is not a kid who ever picks up a book on his own.\'94\
He reads to meet the requirements placed by his current teachers. In the summer, I usually give him some incentives to read.\
\'93He enjoys historical fiction (I Survived series), dark humor (Lemony Snicket), dystopian/sci fi, and non-fiction about science/history. He also loves to read online about topics/people of interest. Some science magazines. \
Just read What If : Serious Scientific Answers to Absurd Hypothetical Questions and loved it. \
\'93His current teacher requires him to complete a reading log with 2 hours of reading per week, so he reads EXACTLY 2 hours per week.\'94\
\'93I think Ben likes to be creating things and doing more active things, so slowing down to read has been a challenge for him.\'94\
Have had to work to build up his stamina to read for extended periods of time, and that has gotten a lot better. Big, cozy bean bag chair helped.\'a0\
As a teacher of kids almost his age, Jen is  able to suggest things, and she usually pick things that Ben enjoys (now that she know his reading style). \
He also hears of books from friends, who tend to be more avid readers.\
Assiting reading: \'93It works well for us. Being exposed to some great Young Adult literature,  can make recommendations.\'94\
Sometimes Ben takes books from the  classroom library. He loves to pass them on to other kids.\
Because Ben likes non-fiction, he'll seek out books that relate to topics he's studying in school. He's a one-book-at-a-time kind of guy.\
He has an iPad and a computer.\
As long as homework is done, some time has been spent outside and/or with family, hplus chores, and he's practiced his drums, there is no limit.\'a0\
Learning to code, games, watching YouTube, communicating with friends/family.\
No role model}